Add missing JDBC driver configuration for MS SQL Server (#15455)
keycloak/keycloak: docs/guides/src/main/server/db.adoc

=== Unicode support for a Microsoft SQL Server database

> Unicode characters are supported only for the special fields for a Microsoft SQL Server database. The database requires no special settings,
> but the `sendStringParametersAsUnicode` property needs to be set to `false` in the JDBC driver. This is needed to prevent deadlocks that can
> happen during data type conversion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unicode characters are supported only for the special fields for a Microsoft SQL Server database. The database requires no special settings.

The `sendStringParametersAsUnicode` property of JDBC driver should be set to `false` to significantly
improve performance. Without this parameter, the Microsoft SQL Server might be unable to use indexes.
```

Author: That does look a lot better. Thanks @hmlnarik , updated the PR as per your suggestion.
